1.18.3 release notes (#13854)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.18.x/announcing-1.18.3/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.18.3
linktitle: 1.18.3
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.18.3 patch release.
publishdate: 2023-09-12
release: 1.18.3
---

This release contains bug fixes to improve robustness.

This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.18.2 and 1.18.3.

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

- **Added** ability to install gateway helm chart with a dual-stack service definition.

- **Fixed** app probe: http `request.host` is not well propagated.
  ([Issue #46087](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/46087))

> - **Fixed** `health_checkers` extensions is not compiled in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** `health_checkers` EnvoyFilter extensions not being compiled into the proxy.
```

  ([Issue #46277](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/46277))

> - **Fixed** an issue that Istio should using `IMDSv2` as possible on AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue that Istio should use `IMDSv2` if possible on AWS.
```

Reviewer: Need to verify that I corrected that. Is this a new default, or is this just a new possible value?

Reviewer: I see a comment in that PR (not changed):
```
**Fixed** an issue that istio running on AWS should prefer IMDSv2 over IMDSv1
```

  ([Issue #45825](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/45825))

- **Fixed** an issue where the creation of a Telemetry object without any providers throws the IST0157 error.
  ([Issue #46510](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/46510))

> - **Fixed** `meshConfig.defaultConfig.sampling` is ignored when there's only default providers.  ([Issue #46653](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/46653))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** `meshConfig.defaultConfig.sampling` is ignored when there are only default providers.  ([Issue #46653](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/46653))
```
